---
layout: post
title: Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra Plays Tchaikovsky’s Fifth Symphony
subtitle: Original date 2023-03-12
#cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
#thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
#share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
#tags: [books, test]
---
Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra Plays Tchaikovsky’s Fifth Symphony

I come to the symphony
to judge. 
I wear my suit
with wing tips on
because others cannot.
Brecht and I agree
on all matters except
the cigar.

Imagine my surprise,
when,
at the esteemed Playing of Tchaikovsky’s Fifth Symphony
by the Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra
In the Twenty-Dollar Seats
a woman meekly coughs.

Enraged I glared,
at the Woman, who,
most likely a simple Parent,
not an Appreciator of Fine (philharmonic youth) Orchestra,
had made me almost miss the fuddled string ostinato in the first movement.

I would have continued my Absolute Rule of the Cheap Seats but,
I twitchingly noticed another Parent in front of me
conducting with his hands.
He used to play trumpet, I thought,
since he noticed parts I hadn’t heard before.
This passing discovery 
quickly faded as my vision turned red with anger. 
So much so that I almost missed the baritone sax
playing as if his deaf grandmother was waiting outside.

This cacophony, this splendid (philharmonic youth) Orchestra, these communal peasant masses
dancing, belting, shuffling, jeering,
it’s what the old drunk would have wanted.

And if he didn’t, well,
I forgot to grab a playbook and fell asleep before curtain.
