---
layout: post
title: Bach?
subtitle: Original date 2023-03-16
#cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
#thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
#share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
#tags: [books, test]
---

Bach?
When people ask why I like Bach,
I ask them to stop and listen.

Hear the way your heart,
exactly ninety beats each count,
maintains tempo in spite.

Now stretch this beat
tight as a drum.
Uniform in fact,
but never quite unfeeling.

To all the same is given;
Twenty-four hours, minutes seconds,
yet it’s what we do that matters.

Uniform as all, our Bach
has a way to show life’s metonymy.
And what’s he got in waking days
that I do not, or can’t?

In movement two of his concertos-
still 60 beats each count.
How briefly though his emotions soar
Pure agony calculated.

In life I face each day the same
My tempo never changing.
And passing thoughts canvass my mind
Misery for just a moment.

In constant chaos all around
I wish not for my Romantics.
No sweeping Liszt, no glassy Ravel
The Bach’s the thing
that makes sense.

Same tempo, same volume, same classical rhythm.
but his light shines through much brighter.
and to me it’s where it matters.

I listen for
not of the shape
for the math is all consistent.

I listen for the oddities
the four-to-three suspension.
The passing tone-
then sudden atone
to stick to the form he’s given.

We’re all ensnared
with boredom.
Trapped in a cycle (a fugue, in fact)
So why would I not like him?

Think of any meal you like.
And what if, I’d ask, you’re so inclined,
you could also eat the plate?
The fork, the knife, the water cup,
All in form, in function, in flavor it follows.

When people ask why I like Bach,
I ask them to stop and think.
Use his music as your backdrop
And impart your own reflection.

